・12月にRRも他の船社からは聞かれている
・Used Carのバックログはもうない
・Fish oilの季節が12月に終わるため物量が減っている
・DecemberはNovemberに比べて少しいい
・RRをPushするがCompetitiveでなければならない
・Push RRのReasonはMaking Lossだから
・現在はRateがToo low
・Show upがよくないのは？→ほとんどの客がBooking First、とりあえずBookingしている
・50%が一般的。
・すべての船社がスペースを埋められていない
・GRIを1000
・1200-1300がマーケットのレベル
・ONEのFAKは1400、Tier1は1200


打ち合わせレコーディング内容
**

Nov 20, 2025

## Weekly LAWC telconf - Transcript

### 00:00:00

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): at 87% with current booking at 116%. Week 50 HP2549E or NASL op is showing that current book sales projection is 31% with current booking at 58%. So I will continue to push the front office to input the projection. So let me hand over to Adel whose birthday is today. Okay. For AX2 week 46 LXT. Thank you. Well finalized at 99% in heels and full in weight. So there is Shanghai omission 78 of a mis connections and also 195 of a Caribbean caros. Then week 47 MCBT for now expecting to be 95% in heels. So for now it is uh not full in weight. So we'll try to see if able to shift from other loops on next week's sailings and try to be full in tonnage. So for now estimate no row as well and there will be 150 t of Caribbean caros.  
   
 

### 00:01:17

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then week 48 KDDD for now expecting 95% in deals and full in weight. So there is a Shanghai omission and for now seeing a strong north PRC booking but subject to final pickup. Then there is also 150 ts of a Caribbean caros and expected around 100 to 150 ts of a row but should have a clearer picture later this week. Then week 49 OITT currently forecast is 59% and opus is showing 97% in TUS and BSA will be reduced by 242 TUS as space will be compensated to HMM and then lastly W 50 VVNT for now forecast is 42% and Opus is showing 92% in TUS. Okay, now pass to Daloy for EX3. Uh so for AX3 Z AMT 2545E current 116%. Opus booking TU is 108%. So Opus in booking metric T is 118%. We expect to be full in weight with around 94% in TUS. There's 22 T use of Munction on her.  
   
 

### 00:02:32

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then for week 47 AGT 2546E sales production is 101%. Over T use 117% over magic D 132%. We're expected to be full in weight as well with around 94% use utilized for week 48 TKD 25470 sales is 105%. Over booking TU 108% over booking metric 118%. T utilization we expected to be at 95% in TUS but full in weight. We are estimating around 460 T or if there's no further shortfall from any front offices. Week 49 SPBT 0101E sales production is 103%. Week 50 IQ 2549 E sales production currently at 80%. However, I like to bring attention to AGRT week 47. Currently, there's no fixed plan on her yet. We are cautious to hear if Halo will trigger a last minute Yokohama mission. So if that really happens, we might have to do a PSA swap between TKHD and AGRT. So we'll just need Japan front office to be ready in case there's a last minute commission.  
   
 

### 00:03:49

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): But however, there's still no confirmation yet. We are still pushing uh GO for updates. Uh but they mentioned that they only update us when there is any firm direction from Havalot. So if there's no further question, I'll pass the time to Masan AX4. H. So X4 weeks 46 uh no X4 service and week 47 uh PMXT. So let me highlight this point. So originally this was HYPT and then uh yesterday this PVD has been changed to PMXT. So as I sent you all in the morning uh please update all the bookings to PMXD uh by 2:30 p.m. today so that we can uh check PMXD. So this those numbers are based on H5P but the uh current of pass booking is 98% and then uh 112% in T weight and then uh marketing forecast utilization will be 90% in TU and 97% in weight and week 48 no X4 and week 49 as well uh originally I BKGT was there but it uh phased out to X SX2 and week 50 HIIT uh current sales forecast is 50% and current of booking is 53%.  
   
 

### 00:05:25

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So let me know what to so I'll continue for Aahula figures. So for week 46 to week 49 our average at 281 TUS plus one week 299 plus 2 weeks 220 TUS. Whereas for ECR5N currently for week 46 to week 49 is 109 units plus one week 93 plus 2 week 76. So we can see for uh ECRI NR units week 49 we still short week 47 to 50 average stay at 93 plus two week 76. So for week 49 51 we will need front officers to continue pushing and release the NRA if there is to at least hit the target first. Then next, can I have your attention on Marx, MX2, MX3ings? So, as mentioned last week as well, we have to continue pushing for MX2 listings to be up presumably from at least week 48 onwards. We are still shy of the target of at least about almost 100 TUS on average. So, we'll continue needing front officers to release the Aakola bookings.  
   
 

### 00:06:37

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And if there's any doubt, please send send it to us. But there shouldn't be because we're still far from the target. Then for MX3 as well, MX3 week 48, we are still slightly short. Week 47, we're definitely short by almost 100 TUS. Week 49, we are only hitting on week 49. Week 50 wise, we are still lacking of about 200 TUS. Please continue to push for MXG lifting as as well. So if there's no further question from the floor, I'll pass the time at this one. Thank you. So to summarize, right now we are full until week 48 with around 700 use of low pool. So to highlight again with 47 AS4 have a change of vessel. This new vessel uh is newly facing from HM. Uh we need the bookings to be shifted to this vessel. This vessel is arriving in 3 days time.  
   
 

### 00:07:28

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So uh please take quick action to shift the booking. And just now as Bon has mentioned, we still need to continue pushing uh MS2, MS3, Akakula and all the WCC caros on them because we have yet to hit the target. And I would also like to hear more information on the market outlook for the first half of December. Uh because we have heard some of the carriers have tried to push R. So without further ado, uh Japan, please share the space first.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay, let me share my screen. So, well, I will share from X1. Uh, Alex X1 expected to be full in November, but at December, it depends on the used car. So, uh it's not uh confirmed yet. And also, we are waiting for the Matsuda booking. So the figure of the accepted booking looks low but this is because we are just waiting for the booking to coming in. So uh hi uh no not yet  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): uh Mr. Motor. So, so how is your used car booking situation like right now?  
   
 

### 00:08:36

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Is it already more or less been clear already? Uh can I take a look at your used car figures?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: a few years because we haven't offered the we haven't finalized the our use girl rates yet.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yes. December rate, but I I know. So, what about the November bookings right now?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So, November, but wait a moment. Uh, is here around uh no not here in November is here and around 50 40 to 50 TU per week on average.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So, more or less your role pool for the used car is more manageable right now. Is that correct?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh, actually we have no backlog anymore.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Good. Good. So we can continue taking back the used car.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Just that we need to be aggressive again on the risks.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
   
 

### 00:09:22

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Okay. So, yes, that's why Alex expected to be full and uh on week well week 47 and 48. Uh I just mentioned that we have already cleared the user backlog. So our uh we will have no or less row on week 47 and 48. It's yes almost 100%.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh when were we to start the news car discussion the for the rates for December? I asking the the boss of so most likely should be by this week or by today I want to. Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Okay. Okay. And this week 49 uh we have some uh uh bookings with first carrier departed in December. So after we offer their used car rates we I think we could increase the figure of MV if needed.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. from him.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. And uh yes week 50 onwards in December vessel. So uh it will be updated maybe next week.  
   
 

### 00:10:37

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: And that's all for Alex one and if no question I will move to Alex 2. Uh yes cuz uh most of the AP customer is a VIP and actually we are accepting all those  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh, sorry, M. So, back to AS1. I'm seeing that for one spear, you're still controlling up to only AP.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: customers bookings. So I that's I want to mention uh those who have no AP on Alex one I'd like I'd like them to use Alex two or three because our utilization on Alex 2 and three is uh not that good  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. But so far you have not declared any booking but just asked them to shift to AS2 and three only.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: yes right Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Right. So so please do not declare any bookings especially Mexico caros. We need Mexico caros to manage on the draft especially on AS2 and S3.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Okay. So, uh no pending booking in November, but for December, I haven't uh accepted any new bookings because we haven't offered the rates yet.  
   
 

### 00:11:33

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): At this moment there is no pending booking for use right okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. And so for Alex 2, uh on week 47, MCVT actually expected to be whole in weight cuz we have huge uh fish oil bookings on her. So I will adjust to uh 1900 tons.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): No, don't need to go.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So Oh, really?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): You can you can look more NCVT for now is not full.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: We could accept all the all of them. I see. Okay. So, well uh yes cuz uh of course uh customer prefer not to roll if possible.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Do you want more space?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So yeah. Okay. So then MCB2 will be uh no no more no.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): I mean on top on top of this 2,256. Do you have more?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh but I remember maybe we could try some uh shorter connection uh on the bookings on KDDP cuz some of the arrival at Busan is before the departure of MCVT.  
   
 

### 00:12:42

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So if you could accept the less utilization on KDDDT, I will uh request more space on MCBT.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Can you let me know how much more you can do on MCVT?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Um I will may I check and share you later?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, you let me know MCT how much it will be and then KDD how much it will be.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Okay. Okay. I will.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. the winning the winning.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So, so Nishimoto, so generally we still need more cargo, right? If if if you have uh more volume, I think I think you can you can load and check with uh Adele. Yeah.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: But uh for KDDD I think it's quite hard to inclure at Busan is in the beginning of December maybe 1st December.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): All  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So it means that uh Japan departure is in this maybe this maybe next in the beginning of the next week.  
   
 

### 00:14:05

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): right.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So it's a bit yes quite hard to increase the pure figure of KTT but I will try I will check the also check the schedule of OIT as well later.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. And I gone.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): with the utilization. I think it's all gone, right?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Oh yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah. And so well actually that this less utilization of KGD. Another reason is uh because we have no DMG shipments and we have the less toy tire bookings as well. So that's why the utilization is quite low. And on week 49 is expected to be full in TU cuz we are accepting more OG on her and the situation is similar on week 50 as well. Uh and uh that's why uh because uh we are facing the financial period. So the our OG demand og shipment demand from Japan is quite strong than the other months.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): But the financial period is only impacting on the OG or what about the others uh customers?  
   
 

### 00:15:20

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: other customers have the impact as well. Uh especially for Toyo tire on X2. Uh here uh oops wait a moment there's uh actually their sales figure in uh Latin America is not that good. So their booking is uh quite lower than the nomination. But on week 50 and 51 they have the uh wait a moment they have the they have to clear the stock in Japan because they have the they also they have the financial period impact and also they will renew the system in this year uh in from next year. So that's why their shipment is very strong in the last two week of December. Yes. And also we have another well I will update you later but we also had some financial impact uh period impact on the other loops as well.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): But the financial impact should only last until uh week 50 or will it be lasting longer?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh no only uh 50 or 51. Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): 50 51 uh nation beside toyo on AX2 uh any other accounts uh that resulted the low utilization in week 48.  
   
 

### 00:16:52

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: We 48 here is the DMG. Mori have don't have their regular OG on this week.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yep. And well uh another reason is uh cuz uh the fish oil season uh will be ended from this mainly from December. So there fish oil shipment on KGD is low. So that's that is the another reason.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yep.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Okay. So that's all for Alex 2 and for Alex three uh from week 46 here and week 46 and week 47 is quite low and actually on week 46 we had the shortfall of more than 200 TU and actually we are checking the reason to each customer why they had the such uh shortfall. So I after I check the reason I will share you later on the email and on week 47 the situation is a bit different uh cuz we have no benny of 70TU and we we also have the less Mitsubishi isu of 30TU less than the AP. So at the least we expect to have the 5007 GTU even without those customers but the utilization is quite lower than that figure and uh Jerry we have the shortfall of 150T approximately so we're also checking the reason of the shortfall of ont as Okay.  
   
 

### 00:18:43

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Nation. So the shortfall from the regular accounts like Marubeni uh Isuzu that is only for this particular week. What about the following week?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh actually Marubeni there is no Maruben lifting on week 47 and 48 and this is because of the their stock management at destination but actually they will have the more than uh more over AP volume on week 49  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: and for Mitsubishi is actually We still checking for the reason on work week 47 and 48. Uh but uh uh they said their production has been delayed. So they had the less shipment not only in week 47 but also in week 40 and 49. But they will have the more shipments on week 50 and 51 cuz uh those cargo has been delay delayed to week 50 and 51. I see.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. But uh Nishimoto, you need to monitor the customer more closely because right now you are giving us the forecast when the vessel has already sealed off China and we are protecting the Japanese base 670 TU.  
   
 

### 00:20:00

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So in the event that you inform us only last minute, we are not able to fill up the vessel.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: I see. Okay. I will share you as earlier as possible.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So, so make sure that the upcoming O vessel we are not expecting the same situation from happening again because I would not like to that you are mentioning that the those customer is over booking the exiting the AP  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah, I I I see.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): then in the end when the vessel arrive then it show again so please check again the customer uh forecast  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. I will I will check if really lower lord those over 80 volume on the December vessels. Yeah. Okay. And well I have shared you about the week 47 and week 48 here I I just have mentioned but we have less malignian mitsubishi isuzu uh but also have oh wait a moment I know uh yes uh this is yes we as I said we have less regular customers so it's now 100% but I expect it to be less than the num uh BSA after we have the natural shortfall and week 49 here uh is expected to be full but actually including some pending OG so may be around yeah around or less than the 100% it's close to the 100 100% but maybe a bit less uh  
   
 

### 00:21:37

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): The shortfall dimension for Honda or all this is on which loop.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: for the export from Japan is mainly from X3.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): But even with the shortfall from Honda, you are still able to free up right now based on the current projection. Right.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. and also depends of the approval of the OG shipment.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. So, so please keep close monitor. We if we need to we please let us know how much you can do.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Okay. And actually the situation is similar on IQ as well. Uh cuz we will have the uh some pending OG on her. So it I At the moment it firms booking is uh 707. Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Sorry for OG your phone booking 770 use right for example then because now OG on Halo vessel keep getting uh rejected so does the 707 includes the OG yes Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: 7007 including wait a moment. OG with I know no IQ OG no released OG yes only waiting  
   
 

### 00:23:05

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): No, it's OGI.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: pending OG pending 15T you.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): depending how much I think you can consider this won't come in really from the way hyperlock has been injecting.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Mhm. I see. So maybe it will be after the natural shortfall. Maybe it will be less than the 100%.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So, so right now we are facing the issue that HPA is rejecting the OG. We are trying to get the network banning team to lie us with Hapad, right? uh HQ. So uh do try to ban the OG on O vessel as much as possible and if you face any rejection on O vessel send me an email.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: H okay. about that. Uh okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. And actually well I heard some information that we are facing the rejecting OG on O vessel especially on one splending OG of 110 TEU for now. Some might be uh already accepted but not just released to the customer but some I have received some information that uh we could not lord any more og to Manzanilo on OPKT.  
   
 

### 00:24:20

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So well I will share you the uh I will check and share you the details later.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): This is our own vessel. Yeah. But Mazalino have a terminal capsule. So it's a separate situation. So in the event that if to other pod that's being rejected, we can inform the brand to brand based on top on that top tier storage. But for banana, you know, it's a separate issue.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Ah yeah I see but main destination is actually Manzano and customer.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So, uh we can check again with the Ber.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes prepared to lord.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. We can check again with the brand. Is it indeed because of the terminal restriction? Yeah. So, you can send to Bing.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): He can ask the Ber.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Thank you. Because uh as you know we have the dialect called Japan on Alex 3 and Alex 3 is the only service for the direct one.  
   
 

### 00:25:11

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So customer prefer to use the Alex 3. So yes we need your support.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yes. You know you can try OSYT because OS OSYT is our next 13K also because I yeah most of the pending you see okay let's say assumingly OST I give 7 TUS you only have 50%.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Yes. Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then if there's 100 over TUS or pending bookings you can push up your show up easily.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh yeah. Okay. Actually it depends on the schedule because the OSIT is the position of the new uh year end. Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): I understand the year end issue.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So yes. So it depends on Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it depends on the schedule if customer accept those schedule or not.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay, we will send me an email.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. But yes, I will.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): We'll be updated.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. But I will Yeah. recommend OSYT.  
   
 

### 00:25:59

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Express we have we have this issue.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Hi.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Hi here. End of the day for AX3 if there's uh if you are unable to fulfill the please let us know and also I saw one email regarding the shortfall. Please update why is there a huge shot for the both of the vessel?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm chatting with sales and I have set the deadline for the tomorrow's noon. So I think I I could share you within tomorrow.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, because the first vessel for Z A MT I believe we gave you about 600 uh T of BSA but you only about 500 for AJRT I see that uh we give you 670 but so far we are  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): seeing only 400 400 something so it's a big huge uh yeah so we need to know why and please let us know early so that we can see if the China site or anywhere else can help us to  
   
 

### 00:26:45

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): uh fill up the face.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay, I will.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Thank you.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay, thank you. So well Alex 3 is all and for Alex 4 actually we couldn't fill up the week 46 PM XT but uh week 50 here is not full as well but as I mentioned uh we might have some strong demand on the year uh year end financial period so maybe I will shift from the some units from the other loops and week 51 HYBT the situation there is no change from last week as customer prefer not to use this vessels for the longer transit time and on the other hand week 52 HYGT has the strong demand so I will shift some bookings to the another looks to utilize about 100% on her X4  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Can you check for AX4. Where are your customers loading from?  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: actually we don't have the regular customers um maybe not from Japan because if uh not not from Yokohama because if it  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Because you because No, because you were saying that customer were complaining a long transit time, but exactly where are the customers loading out from?  
   
 

### 00:28:14

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Are they coming from Yokohama or some other parts of Japan? Of course that's understand.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: is from Yokohama they prefer to use X3 because it's direct Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So the question is among the three services honestly uh whenever there's a AX4 actually the schedule is the most reliable of all the so I'm really confused why customer have the perception that AX4 usually trans is very long  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Uh no. Uh it is only for week 51 because there is a co at Busang. So the uh original arrival at Busan is on the Christmas but it was advanced to uh 14 of December. So if they prefer if they try to lord on HYVT they prefer to lord or hit because it's much earlier. I know it it's arrival is earlier than the previous vessel.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So yes, Japanese customer only prefer not to use week 51 export.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Okay.  
   
 

### 00:29:30

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: And that's okay for the service wise update is all. And for the customer wise here uh on Alex 3 mat the November lifting is is a bit lower than the nom is lower than the nomination as I mentioned uh last week as well but we had the US tariff impact on her but thanks to the acceptance of the uh more youth cards we could fill up the Alex B Japan BCA but on the other hand on December we haven't received the bookings yet but expected to be close to the nomination level because we we still have the US tariff impact but uh also there is a strong demand of the financial period so that's why Matsuda's body expected to be close to nomination level and  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh Moto so I have some confusion.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: okay Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): You are saying that there is US tariff impact but there is also financial year impact. So overall wise you are expecting master volume average to be around which level 130 to 40. So after the financial year impact you are expecting master volume to resume at 130 to 140.  
   
 

### 00:30:40

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh is 13240. Yes. Ah no. After the financial period it will be I think it will be decreased. Wait a moment. Yeah. No, wait a moment.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Mhm.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh, sorry. I I have uh I may have sent the email to you before, but I I I missed. So, I will share you later the figure of the January.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah. Yes. Okay. and D and Toyota there is no change but the volume is stable and for the used cars as I have already shared the average volume in November is around 4250TU per VBT and we still have chance to increase MV and December we haven't accepted any use cars yet but uh actually we are receiving some requests in advance Okay. So, Alex one is all and for Alex 2 uh Non Express here the volume is actually not stable after we advance some cargo to the earlier vessels or other loops. Uh but we we have some the OG shipments on X2 and fish oil here.  
   
 

### 00:32:24

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Miss Logistics uh the peak peak was in the November so that's why week 47 MCBT uh they also have this some misconnection from LXD but that's why here MCBT is very strong strong and uh to coronel  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): audio is to Okay.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: but uh this the n uh but via manito yes Okay. And so the fish oil season ended. So the volume will will shrink from December. And DM GI here uh they have the volume but not stable in December. And I also uh mentioned that their destination has been changed from Costa Rica to the Panama road last week. And that that the reason of it is because they prefer not to use the double trans shipment. So they deliver they use the to discharge at the rodman and then they will truck by their own to Costa Rica. So the destination that's why this nation change it from Costa Rica to Rodman.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): from Rockman day truck to Costa Rica.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): the DMG mode. Oh, dear view.  
   
 

### 00:33:58

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. And Toyota is I just have mentioned but uh we will have the strong demand on the uh end of December and Alex 2 customer is all and for Alex 3 uh actually I just have mentioned we have we still have some uh pending OG. So the figure might be changed after the data has been refreshed. uh but for customer wise uh from here so that's why Nepon Express has the OG on IQ and OPJ and their volume is stopped in November and December but will be might be less and Marbini here is uh there's no update from last week but uh they had the shipment on week 47 and 48 so that's why they had the more uh bookings on week 49 and this is because to manage their stock at this nation. And here uh Japan, France, city the volume is stable but actually the impact of the year and holiday is not clear yet. So maybe week 51 52 have some impact but we're still still waiting for the update from customer. And here Toyota the volume is stable but we have the some year end impact on week 52. And here is Mitsubishi Isuzu.  
   
 

### 00:35:35

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: And we are still checking for the reason of the low lifting on week 47 and 48. But actually week 49 here the reason is the delay in production. So maybe week 40 and 40 47 and 48 might be the same reason.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So that means they're also trying to cur estimation delay information.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Uh no uh just the delay in production. So the issue issue at Japan site.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Oh.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah. So that's why on week 50 and 51 uh expect to have their nomination is the 40 TU per week but they expect to have the 70 TU uh per each VBDS.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And what about Nissan? Why Nissan Moto? Suddenly 51 will have a Yeah, I I refer  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Ana also I'm checking the reason why they have the low lifting on week 46 and 47 but may I be actually there is Nissan trading here and Nissan motor here and yes  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): to Moto the W 51 the search.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: uh here uh this is the uh project shipment OG shipment.  
   
 

### 00:36:46

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Oh yes.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. And let me back to here. Another point that Mitsubishi will they had no listing on week 52 and this is the year end holiday. and Honda here. Actually, the actual figure of the impact of the lack of the semiconductor is not clear yet, but expected to be re reduced from reduced around 5 to 60 per week from week 49 to 52.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Oh, heat.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: And Suzuki here is very stable. And then so here is table as well. Uh but uh their year end and new year impact is on week one of 2026. So that's why on week until week 52 their volume is quite stable. And another account here is Mitsu's Hino. And actually we haven't received any updates of the December vessels and January as well. So we are pushing the forecast of them.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah. Okay. And another update is the used car to Ara uh cuz um our November rate was a bit higher than the customer's request.  
   
 

### 00:38:22

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So that's why our uh used car volume in November is quite lower than the other months. We used to have the uh 30 20 to 30t per VBD on average. So yes, I I would like to try to accept more use card to Ara in December if if possible.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): H you let me know the Erica used car if we need to adjust. I just published the used car rates.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then if any of the officers let you know that there's a red there's a need to reduce let me know because we need to minimally hit the ATS volume at least to to clear it.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. I see. Okay. Okay. So, well that's all for my side. So, if there is no more question, I will pass to Bian for the marketing part.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So for Japan marketing wise I just released the use car rate at 23. The reason why I did it is because even though MSSE is at 2122 level, I did it at 23 is because MSE is facing shortage of uh equipment at Yokohama.  
   
 

### 00:39:30

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): That's why I think we can afford to slightly push higher first and then if there's really a need to do a rate reduction to canvas for more cargo, we still can do it. But then uh if that's why we will need the sales feedback if the used car bookings are not coming in please keep pushing the used car sales.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yes. And then also I think Ishkawasan is on a meeting at uh Okinawa. So when he's back, do check with him more cuz I spoke to if we want to target 150 TUS we need to go to,8 which is almost $300 to $400 lesser than MSE.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Okay. Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): I don't think we need to go so sharp yet. Uh so if there's any further reduction for EQ, you can let me know.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then for Erica as mentioned also is at 2003. If we wish to accept more, I need to know the MSSE's offer also.  
   
 

### 00:40:28

   
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay. Actually the PIC Harashan is uh he's in Okino as well.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: So after he he back I will check soon and share you soon.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yep. I understand because during the business trip at Nagoya, I talked to Kamasudasan from Nagoya office.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yeah. Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): She mentioned Queta PIC is in India. I mean side. So I think uh for the accuracy of the rate wise I think she say there is some it will take a longer time for her to get a response.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Mhm.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So I've been checking.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: I see.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yep.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. MSE's equipment shortage issue. It happened in Yokohama. Yokohama right? There's shortage of there shortage of D5 only.  
Chinatsu Nishimoto: Yes. Right. Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. can.  
   
 

### 00:41:24

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yes, correct. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Byebye. And can we invite Isa to share the space from Thank you.  
Isaac Yan: move on.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): You will adjust the  
Isaac Yan: So uh morning I will start with the shaman space situation first. Uh for AX1 the overall uh firm booking and the booking trend will be stable around 80 to 90 uh tus per week. Uh there's only one week with 50 has more bookings uh due to the potential impact of the out. So yeah anyway we will release all the bookings but uh as you know the uh the winter time will be the slack season for for the EQ bookings for shaman. So we are only still expecting the uh the final pickup will be 50 to 60%. So maybe 50 to 60 T use max on with 50 and the rest 51 or 39 49 will be around 40 T use to 50 T use only. Yep.  
   
 

### 00:42:54

   
Isaac Yan: And then we will continue to release all the bookings for Shaman AX1.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Isaac Yan: So for AX2 uh AX2 with 48 KDDDT we we have low order all the shipments on her with 191 TUS and no roll over to week 49 and from week 49 to week 51 we are also keep releasing all the bookings to our clients and for week 49 OIT uh based on current pickup uh we can see as almost 30% uh shipments has been picked up. So we are we will uh update our forecast to 300 tus for this vessel around 55% show up and then also assume no roll over to w 50 but from week 50 and 51 our current forecast remains marginally for maybe 20 to 30 to use roll over at this moment.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Isaac Yan: So for AX3 uh with 4 T6 uh AMT we are expecting to load all the shipments to avoid long waiting time at Fushan. So 31T used loading and no roll over to with 47 uh for AJT uh due to some misconnection and al uh from the feeders and also the AX2 misconnection.  
   
 

### 00:44:36

   
Isaac Yan: There's only one T use on her and the rest has shift to with 48 uh TKHT. So THD we are also expecting to load all the caros 18T use no roll over to week 49 from week 49 until week 50 52 5152 will keep releasing all the bookings  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, I I heard from the office of this data that the TPV will have a rout uh over three weeks.  
Isaac Yan: yes uh yeah I'm going to yeah from here uh this is the TVV uh forecast at the moment And right now I'm still checking with asking the sales to check with the clients uh whether they can advance some  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Isaac Yan: caros to with 51 OPKT but at the moment they have already placed 120T use on 52 OSYT. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So it's week 52 and this booking have you released already?  
Isaac Yan: Yeah. Uh yes and I think I verbally I also guarantee that space for week one 244 use because uh due to the uh it's still one vessel but for week two is not one  
   
 

### 00:45:39

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. So uh please let the space control know as well on this. Yeah. So because this is Yeah.  
Isaac Yan: vessel so I will need your confirmation.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So send us a forecast. Uh we will give you a confirmation because right now uh we will need this as another cargo. Especially this will help us with the draft and his light card go.  
Isaac Yan: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Isaac Yan: And yeah, I have I I have asked uh the sales to send you the the email after getting the confirmation from TPV.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So, uh but the latest 100 to use on the 240 T on the OSYT, they can't really catch up with the W 51 vessel, the OPKT radio. So, they can only target on the OSYT or are they able to advance?  
Isaac Yan: Yeah, I think so. Maybe I'll ask them to see whether they can advance these 200 T use to OSYT.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
   
 

### 00:46:41

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh please help to check.  
Isaac Yan: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Thank you. This is a project TPB uh year end treatment.  
Isaac Yan: Yeah. They have to export before the year end on AX2. So based on the AS2 schedule, they can only connect the W 50 to AX3.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And it also target on vessel. So just like Okay.  
Isaac Yan: So basically uh for AX3 I also update the open forecast uh TBV volume plus 30T use per week. Um but for X for for sure there's no demand at all. Uh it also depends on the finals pick up on AX2. But anyway we will shift anything if uh there's some something uh from from AX2.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So right now is around 30 to 50%.  
Isaac Yan: uh 50% for AX1 and then 55 for 55 to 60 for AX2. X3 would be 60 to 70. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Isaac Yan: So if no questions I will move on to SPC. So for SPC week 48 uh opt uh we Uh for this week we are having less OG.  
   
 

### 00:48:17

   
Isaac Yan: So the overall show up will be uh worse than week 47 only 445 to use loading and no over to week 49 MV and from also from week 49 till week 52 we have released all the bookings on AX1. And also for with 49 we are expecting the performance will be slightly better maybe the show can maintains 50 to 55% uh also due to the potential impact on our out so at the moment we are still forecasting 550 to use on this vessel maybe Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): But right now is still not fulfilling the BSA right here. So so I I understand it depends on the R session but uh you you estimate you can't SPC can fill up the BSA for week  
Isaac Yan: Uh yeah, we we will check if there's also any any potential caros can shift from AX2.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): 49 onwards.  
Isaac Yan: Um no not at all based on current uh bookings amount because there's the average uh firm booking even we release all the the bookings there's only 1,00 to 1,00  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
   
 

### 00:49:53

   
Isaac Yan: per week for AX1.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And this is basing on that there's no current available waiting booking already. Right.  
Isaac Yan: Sorry.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): There is no waiting booking right now. Right.  
Isaac Yan: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Um Isaac just just a question. Uh the low booking is it because of rate issue or or other reasons?  
Isaac Yan: Uh I think at the moment right issue is uh not the I I it affect it did some impact but it's not the main issue. I think the overall trend of on booking is weak.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Isaac Yan: Yeah. Especially when we push for the show up or the the booking for uh Yeah. Even some APS like uh the I I believe someone also saw some mails on the our AP accounts. They originally they want they are having the APS on the Kayle on AS1 kay. they are asking to shift to AX3. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. So meaning that uh yeah so so so meaning that uh the the reason is because of weak market demand, right?  
   
 

### 00:51:05

   
Isaac Yan: And then there there's also some impact on the N for Yeah. for for AX1 maybe. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): It's not exactly the red issues.  
Isaac Yan: Yeah. As you can see after we actually we adjust the rate the overall performance can have five can have around 10% increase as long as we match the market. So if we don't match it will be a 35 to 40%. If we match it could be 45 to 50 or even 55%. show up and also another reason would be we are focusing on with uh ex to 49.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay, thank you. Please continue.  
Isaac Yan: So as you can see we are pushing hard. So we we are expecting we can release almost 2,000 TUS uh bookings on uh by the end of this week. So at the moment I have adjust the forecast to 1,000 TU. So for this vessel we are expecting 50 to 55% show up. So 1,00 to 1,0 uh per probably the wheel can also hit the tonnage as well.  
   
 

### 00:52:41

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Uh Isaac, uh just just a question. Uh you see the the SH rate is like 40 to 50%. Right. So meaning that uh there is a large large portion of of cancellation.  
Isaac Yan: Yep.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So, so we need sales to follow up on that part, right? Check with customers, you know, why why such a high or or or why such low pick up rates, right? So, uh please get sales to to follow up on that and uh keep us posted.  
Isaac Yan: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, because you know obviously customers place booking, right? And bookings not turn up, right? So, something must be wrong, right? Is there a rate issues or or you know or or really uh uh cancellation of orders from the buyer side, right? So so let let us update uh keep us updated on that.  
   
 

### 00:53:37

   
Isaac Yan: Yeah, I will coordinate with Penny as well.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Isaac Yan: And um for AX2 in general, we can also keep around 1,200 to use fresh booking uh per week. Uh I think up to week 50 and 51 as well, but currently our forecast is still around 600. Yeah, it depends on the final pick up on OITT first and then maybe if if the R works and we will adjust our forecast uh next week.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): I I'm still seeing the system having about 100 to 200 K of waiting booking is do we help to check again is there any Okay.  
Isaac Yan: Uh yeah, some of them are are the OG and they are under the the process. And some of them are also uh I think from other trades. Yes, I I'll check anyway other tray because uh the when they use the Trump vessel S2 then our opus will show on the on the waiting.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): From other tree  
Isaac Yan: Yeah. So for AX3 uh with 46 SAMT uh 124 TUS and ATUS will roll to W 47 for 47 AJ uh due to some uh first step disconnection.  
   
 

### 00:55:09

   
Isaac Yan: And we are expecting only 96 tus on this vessel and 50 tus uh yeah uh as another caros will shift to either with 48 and or 49. Yeah. So for week 49 and 48 uh we're also waiting for our HKC pick up. So if they will pick up then we can fill up the space. for sure with around 20 to 30 T use rolling for week 48 and 9. For week four, 50 and 52 uh as usual we also release all the encelados booking and also guaku bookings. Uh in general for the waitings uh most of them are the Guatemala booking.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Let's do it.  
Isaac Yan: So we are asking our clients to shift to AX12 in order to fill up the the the space over there. So for week 51 and two right now we are expecting 200 or 250 TUS uh in the view of uh the the better job on heavy caros from our side. Yeah. Uh, any questions for X3?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): the portal carter pending booking. Can you send me the list?  
   
 

### 00:56:41

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): I will review whether to release them or not especially on the week 50 51 52.  
Isaac Yan: Okay, I I'll send you the list uh after the meeting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, similar to Shaman X for simply there's no record demand. So uh will we see any separates from AX2 as well?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So overall SPRC the SH ratio what are you expecting but even with this 40 to 50% % right now you're expecting that with 49  
Isaac Yan: Uh 40 to 45 for AX1, 50 to 55 for upcoming AX2 and 60 to 70 for AX3.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): you are still not that confident to fill up the O resurrect any further  
Isaac Yan: um for with 49 maybe marginal full but x1 uh only 90%.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): question thank you thank you anything to highlight then can I invite Benny to share on the Oh,  
Isaac Yan: Thank you.  
Panny Peng: Morning. It's my turn right. Okay. Uh so uh let me share for the market situation right now.  
   
 

### 00:58:02

   
Panny Peng: Uh as we can see that overall letting west co I can say that uh in the market uh all the backlog I I can say already clear and no roll over in the market right now.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): heat.  
Panny Peng: So uh as we heard from the customer uh CMA still uh can be full this week and for the uh coast code we heard that uh only 65% utilization this week and uh for  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Sorry. Uh, sorry. I need how many%?  
Panny Peng: 65 ah for the close call and uh for the MS Let's see uh is around uh 90% and evergreen also uh 90 to 95% and one hype right now uh just  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Oh.  
Panny Peng: marginally full with 100%. So uh I think that most of the carrier uh cannot be full and keep cargo push uh till end of November and generally the market moving rate I can say still uh keep maintain uh to 102 to 1003 as a general offer in market right now for the dry and till end of November and some of the carrier uh already announced the RR uh for December I also update in the G drive and for the coast code is a 2006 and one high also 2006 and evergreen you can see that uh it's really so high R since that uh they based on the paper FAK PI500 per box for the R right now released  
   
 

### 00:59:56

   
Panny Peng: to customer first and also we check from customer that uh they got the mer online rate offer the first week of December. right now still no with 1,300 and overall we heard from the customer that uh maybe uh December volume right now uh uh we can say uh maybe a little bit better than November but uh the percentage uh still uh not heard from the customer not shared by the customer is a big increase or not right now still uh not clear especially for the first week of December. Uh seems that uh if uh carrier want to push the so uh they may may wait and see the situation right now. So yeah uh so far no information shared by customer why but just very quick booking for them maybe I can double check uh  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh, do you back to the are you aware that why Costco is performing so much worse than the others? Carrier.  
Panny Peng: later on one of the reason but uh I think overall their booking also very like uh if the any reason behind maybe I I can talk with you later after got some information.  
   
 

### 01:01:10

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Well, is it because the DCL is not not coming in for what?  
Panny Peng: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So for the rate wise you are seeing that right now our rates is still workable until the end of November.  
Panny Peng: So far I can say that still in line with the market. Yeah. to December.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then what about the December rate? What is your proposal?  
Panny Peng: I think that maybe uh let's see and wait for a while. Yeah, let's see. Is there any uh from the MSE or even uh Halo later on? Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, apparently just few points to make on on on this topic. Okay. Uh for sure we will push for RR, right?  
Panny Peng: Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh but but we will remain competitive uh uh in December, right?  
Panny Peng: Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Because because uh uh obviously you know we our our role pool is is not big enough right we need we need to build our role pool.  
   
 

### 01:02:31

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So uh this is the first point right and second point is uh the main reason why we need to push for R is because at the current uh freight level we are we are making loss.  
Panny Peng: Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Panny Peng: Yes, I think so.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So not not of of course not just um every carrier in the market they are bleeding now right.  
Panny Peng: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So this is why uh carriers are desperate to push up um the freight to a reasonable level right.  
Panny Peng: Yes. Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So uh so December uh we will we will push up the rates uh at a reasonable level.  
Panny Peng: Yeah, I think so.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Yeah.  
Panny Peng: No problem.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. But but but yeah but we will remain competitive.  
Panny Peng: I I agree with you. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. We remain uh competitive in December.  
Panny Peng: Yes. I I agree with you.  
   
 

### 01:03:23

   
Panny Peng: Since that right now the rate is too low.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Yeah. Okay.  
Panny Peng: Uh sure.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): All right.  
Panny Peng: So uh let's see how about the market movement and we'll keep you update. So uh and set a a reasonable level.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Yeah. Uh uh yeah Penny, one more thing I I need I need uh uh I need you to check, right? uh is the uh the the the the low the low show up rate of bookings.  
Panny Peng: Uh-uh.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh just find out you know why why customers are not showing up. Is it because of uh order reduce or cancellation or is it because of rates? Right.  
Panny Peng: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Yeah.  
Panny Peng: uh uh I I just uh make some supplement uh for overall the leting west coast show up ratio.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Panny Peng: Uh in long run you can see that overall that most of the customer for leting trade uh especially for those mu I can say that they will uh place the booking first especially for over eight people can you can see that right now the market always up and down or even push sometimes uh have a big reduce.  
   
 

### 01:04:29

   
Panny Peng: So most of the customer they in case if they have the name account on can they will uh place the booking first based on the ratio and uh since that uh we always can release the uh AP only sometimes especially for those uh uh vessel when when we when vessel very tight so you can say that uh overall if generally I think the normal show up for us for the south PRC I think uh maybe uh  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Hey,  
Panny Peng: 50% the same it I think it's the general swap up ratio in yeah in case when the uh up and down and even market uh uh diff problem and our rate not good enough so the uh so ratio  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. All right.  
Panny Peng: will be dropped down to around 14% some something like that yeah and currently in the November we can say that uh mo most of especially for the Alex one uh we can say that impact uh by the Peru NR control and and also that we can see that uh those Mexico cargo also uh decrease the loss.  
   
 

### 01:05:38

   
Panny Peng: So that's why uh the show is frustrated right now. So in case our rate can in line with the market and so uh maybe back to normal and especially the uh market getting better, I think the show up ratio will uh back to 50 or 55%.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Come here.  
Panny Peng: Yeah. and also Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. So, so meaning that meaning that most NEOs in South PRC uh they place booking in advance but the the eventual uh show rate is only like 40 50%.  
Panny Peng: Yes. Yes. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Panny Peng: So, so that's the normal and also for the Alex one uh we are we also sending the message to sales right now for the cargo push and also the software reason especially we can see that some of the  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): All right.  
Panny Peng: FOB BCO account or even those core BCO account also didn't show up yeah and also no show up for the AP so in case I've got the uh any feedback from the sales we also report to you yeah  
   
 

### 01:06:35

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Okay. All right. Uh penny 14, do you have any uh updates on the December brand selling plans or the market capacity?  
Panny Peng: Uh later on if I uh I have the summarize I will send to you.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh because right now I okay any further question uh yeah before before I forget uh uh please please let the South PRC sales know that uh you know if there is any  
Panny Peng: Yeah. Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): uh long-term contracts negotiation right from South PC please send it to us right because we we this is a time to to to negotiate for the contract contract, right?  
Panny Peng: Ah yeah okay I think most of the customer uh the long-term rate till end of December or even in the general or February end so I think  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So, so let the sales know and send send it to us.  
Panny Peng: uh later on maybe in December maybe most of the BCO account will uh stand to step by step based on their um tender negotiation time.  
   
 

### 01:07:44

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. All right.  
Panny Peng: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. All right. Okay. Thanks. Thank you, Benny.  
Panny Peng: Thank you.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh, can I invite Roger or Billy to share some market?  
Roger Huang: Oh for for shaman market uh country we found that the shaman market is is is very weak. Uh market overall utilization uh no carriers could fulfill BSA average utilization is 80 to 90%. uh uh the the main reason is the most uh uh most the customer uh do not want to pick up container during the Christmas and New Year's holiday at destination. So you can see uh most carrier pays raid as weapon to induce more business. So the rate keep dropping. Uh you can see currently the mine offer in local market is around the 1,200 to 1,300. Uh even even the lowest uh offer is from Shendai uh 1,100. Uh so so even even though even uh even the market rate have dropped at such low level uh seeing that the market order did not pick did not increase the uh just the booking transfer to this carriers to to to another carriers only.  
   
 

### 01:09:09

   
Roger Huang: Uh so so uh in another issue uh because the in view of the market rate have dropped to such low level all we we we hurt in the market most carers have have in inform informed customer that will be g in December uh to to increase the muy uh and the but the grin is still no fix uh say that the Costco, MSSE, CMA announced account uh the GR C maybe around the 1,000 even but it it still depends on the market uh for for our fore ourself we have a check with customer uh with with ourselves to check with their uh come one by one to check check the AP show up because we found the most the uh because we found some FOB and ACF AP SW ratio is very bad even even no show up. So we have uh we have a sick uh uh sales join effort to check customer uh one by one. So you can see that oit this vessel currently booking is around 500 but we we would like to check with the AP show up.  
   
 

### 01:10:34

   
Roger Huang: Uh so if possible uh maybe you can consider to adjust our FAK rate to according to to the market uh to in I to increase the loss AP shop ratio uh even to maintains lost customer to uh we do not want to loss any customer due to the rate issue. now and choose the the ring will be recovered in December after J. Yeah, that's the general situation. Thank you.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So going to the rate adjustment part for December you are mentioning that Rh.  
Roger Huang: Yeah. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So what is your purpose?  
Roger Huang: Yeah. See that all want to increase the mercury.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So yeah.  
Roger Huang: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So any proposal from N? Do you think that we should adjust to 26 or 32 to 1,000 increase?  
Roger Huang: I I I think once I most Yeah. Yeah. But maybe is it the uh maybe it will be depends on the market volume. Uh uh kind we have a check with the customer seeing that uh market oil will pick up uh step by step in December.  
   
 

### 01:11:42

   
Roger Huang: Uh see that the market order will be full recovered in middle of the December. Uh so it's hard to say uh what's the market or how is the market in first week of December current level our uh calory level is you can see Costco cost coco is 1,300  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): understand. Um, Roger, what what about our current level?  
Roger Huang: uh MSC uh is 1,200 uh see the market local lucky is 1,200 to 1,300. Uh so maybe if possible I think we could consider to address our MR a bit maybe to 1,300 level.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. So meaning that because our FAQ at 1,400 now, right?  
Roger Huang: Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And year one at 1,200, right?  
Roger Huang: Yeah. Yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So So are you are you suggesting that we adjust our FAK rate?  
Roger Huang: FAK rate if possible. Tier one uh tier one rate maybe 1,100 is better.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. All right. Currently only HM is offering 101. Right.  
   
 

### 01:13:00

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Roger.  
Roger Huang: Pardon.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Currently only HM is offering 101. Right.  
Roger Huang: Oh, for the big volume customer, Costco MSE uh al they could offer the offer 1,100 they only for FAK level I think the lo I think that 1,300 is workable for FAK because we  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): But that is public right not the FAK level.  
Roger Huang: we have a check with the customer say that for Costco MSSE they need their tier one rate 1,100 00 need the warrior uh reach to uh 30 tes uh even for BCO need to uh the need to up to 20 uh so I think it's no for the all customer I think that we could fill up our PSA Uh  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So in the event if we adjust to 1,3 level for FAK, what do you think that S is able to generate? How much booking more? Are you able to check on that? So right now your bookings is at final TUS and your BSA is at Yeah.  
Roger Huang: I uh 5,000 PSA 300 uh uh I we if we can adjust the rate I think the S operation will be increased uh think uh  
   
 

### 01:14:16

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So can you check again on how much bookings are you able to generate? So then we will review again whether to adjust the FK.  
Roger Huang: so need to check customer Uh we need to check a customer and I I send a message after meeting later.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay, thank you Roger.  
Roger Huang: Thank you.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, then can I invite ECM comment on the space? Roberto or Elen  
Elyn Zhang: morning and demo. So we start from XQ side XQ side for now last week 46xt although I'm annual but uh based on after I back to work check actually loting is very bad I see they have shipped many cargo from Van to to rescue this vessel and start from 47 MCBT 045 for now other P should be closed so  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh, sorry. Sorry. Uh, Roger, you need to move to before 7. Uh, this is Roboto. Oh, sorry. Roberto. Yeah.  
   
 

### 01:15:41

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): 47, right? Yeah.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): All right. Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Okay. Go ahead.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay. So with 47 for other P codes only Nimbo we still with the final pick up to report your D but yesterday I already report your D for the pick up figure for now Nimbo pick up improvement compared last week. uh for now till today morning I check for now they pick up already around about um 499T use and I think maybe final yesterday I reported there maximum maybe they can allow the 600 use but based on this figure maybe I can say maximum they can reach 550 use for the Africa figure but uh if any change I will let down you know because see close as Saturday. So I think final figure will come around the tomorrow morning. I can see tomorrow morning I can see the final figure to reach and uh so generally to say they still can at least they still can f their BSA and their shop ratio will be around 60% because phone booking maximum we open all booking with maximum is 900 use and the final pick up is maybe around 550 T use.  
   
 

### 01:17:07

   
Elyn Zhang: So sh around 60% for the financial operation and for the other P Shanghai and they have no much ro here but at least they just can BSA bothing both still can fully load BSA but no row here. So generally to say for this MCVT uh we hardly to create a role on North China. Uh but at least we follow out obviously this is for the MCV side and for the next uh next is KD KD Shanghai has almost no booking because uh they already advance as much as possible to the MCBT care. So uh for there's no much booking. here part because he also on this front and for the nimbo part for now fresh booking we release all pending booking here uh for now Facebook already around 1,00 48 key use for our first booking and uh this voy can also enjoy the simon last week you public so I think sh was at least will be same as the week week 47. So at least 40% sharp will be here. So my for now my forecast is 450 use compare this fresh booking and based on the for now sharp ratio.  
   
 

### 01:18:48

   
Elyn Zhang: Uh this is based on for booking and shar ratio but have more welcome because Shanghai has almost no booking. So all booking all BSA will and other to share to lot more much more as much possible and for the cho part uh I think for exercise booking as much but for now as the X3 I see BK already give you are most around 1 million warranty 1,000 G use 10 total booking which we also include X12 34 X12 3 no four uh for  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Are we good?  
Elyn Zhang: now H2 can connect as 200 and therefore therefore TUS but if we can more but I also advance if we can seek more we here but with pick up I think total pick up already over BK you give number. So maybe after the meeting then we'll check with you how much extra you still can give which is also give all for x123 but just for x2 part uh cha at least they can fill out the bsca no problem but also just like I said we still need more but so if we can give squeeze some more we can more and more product as well and for the changing inside they also uh can fall out at least on this voyage but for the next voyage uh just like Adam yesterday sent a mail for now changing will face some ways and they may count just fall out their BSA on the next week 14 but for  
   
 

### 01:20:51

   
Elyn Zhang: week 48 they still can fall out uh so you say if Nimbo can keep their 40% percent job just which means we have 632 booking and final can pick up uh this vo totally generally to say central China we still can lots which is same as week 47 uh but turn over for now still very hard this is week 48 and for the week 49 We're 49 Shanghai pick up is very good. Uh till today we already pick up is around 625 T use booking and also Shanghai has no SE open yet. So forecast I give very high. I can say for forecast already around 700 years. Okay. Compare here BSA side we have at least we will have at 100 for but maybe we also no need a low because have other P or other have some for we make a lot more. So I will check there later after they open over but for now I can see some companies are very strong very strong they have over BS a lot they can they can overs and uh for the ningbo part due to the ning as December which means highly chance will catch the r so for booking north also just like I said on week 47 or week 48 eight nimbo just can fulfill their BSA and much ro can go to this or impact vessel.  
   
 

### 01:22:42

   
Elyn Zhang: So for Nimbo booking well for now is still on the weak side and also for the week booking and changing because changing just like I said uh they have very not enough report to take connect and this is also include especially include the effect for this only big vessel. So for now changing and ningu for now they just have can't have enough booking out here for now strong booking one Shanghai and one is China but the China strong booking uh also the bottleneck is x3 because this this voyage x3 is on the tk this is the also as the which means end of member for vessel. So customers still can enjoy the till of November rate to capture this oil big vessel. Uh but for now we're still not sure how much we pour on this X3 how much X3 we can give to the X123 to especially especially for the X2 vessel how much they can give for X2 side as well. So this is also maybe Elen will check with VK how much we pour you can give especially for the X2 you can give how much because who we need to face Nimbo and we may need more especially we may need more China and last for now booking not good but I also push and the casting they have some more booking they can here because we need to consider changing the inage we need to push more ding  
   
 

### 01:24:31

   
Elyn Zhang: as well. Uh so gen say for this only big vessel Shanghai has they have no answer they can over this at least because they have much pick up here. But for the chain and for the Dian we may need to check how much uh we port and we can bring how much cargo to the connected S2.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Roberto in general since Stalin is not doing well then how about the other North China ports are Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: uh for now. Yeah, Ronn right for not good. So generally say we may still need to rely on China and especially for China.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So you think if other China ports or other ports within ECM require more space then I will leave you to adjust the BSA internally.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay. Sure. Sure. Sure. But but uh Ron also I just like I said uh for bottleneck still the because if we can take more and we can see China maybe can do more on the X2 side.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
   
 

### 01:25:41

   
Elyn Zhang: Okay. Okay. This is only big vessel and for the next week 50 VNT VBNT somehow booking is also very good and I also I can say pick up were not much lower because for Shanghai ETD is still end of the member which before. So for now booking is also very strong.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Goodbye.  
Elyn Zhang: I can say even this is not all investor or even we have no much owner merits but we still can fall out and create at least 100 or even more pool for the China side because all China customers still want to catch this vessel but for now I'm not I'm not sure as whether this MS will shanghai because keep s*** will have a very big impact for the China if they still can like last they can keep I can say Shanghai will create some role at least at least. So this is for Shanghai and for the other people almost I can say whenever also they will all maybe use the precar or they will start from the December which means they will all take the art great.  
   
 

### 01:27:10

   
Elyn Zhang: So for all all other people are booking and not good especially high for no all other people are booking not good. So we may need to check later and they can see how they are booking trend but because for now our booking booming is all uh till end of the member booking whenever you can see all Shanghai or Indian or all want to catch before end of November and after the start from December uh all other book not good for too as well. Uh so this is for week 47 and week 15 and there are for the MCVT final figure I will report to you uh today news and uh tomorrow morning uh question.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. No question from No, we can continue.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay, morning everyone. Then we move to Alex one. Uh week 47 o um the vessels uh cy open in Shanghai and Ningbo. So Ningu we already closed. Uh finally our loing is 195 and the sh ratio not so good. Even even we apply the new MRG for this vessel uh maybe impact by the trans um for Shanghai um till now the pick up uh already 44% and uh total loading over Shanghai BSA so overall uh we may uh fulfill this vessel in Tagger uh by this morning uh K check with Makamisan uh that Uh we still need to uh put more bookings on OERT.  
   
 

### 01:29:10

   
Elyn Zhang: Uh we may advance some uh Chao bookings from OPPT to OE if you need.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Okay. And so I want to check the figures in this table is showing Cint figure is 307. So no issue to connect the Yeah. Yeah. P is Z a empty.  
Elyn Zhang: uh 19 uh 94 tus uh use FB3 as per cararage and already arrival done I think and no misconnection risk but uh we have over 100 maybe 110  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: uh tus Tindal booking. Now we used the per carriage x3 uh ct. Uh we are not sure if uh Alex 3 will connect Alex one at pushan but uh uh since the schedule uh is okay now uh if no uh yes yes so  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Based on current schedule connection is feasible, right? Mhm. And why you implemented 17 years of expected expectation of load over if you if now you plan to load this 70s.  
   
 

### 01:30:43

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Please log to Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: Maybe typo uh remove it. Okay, that's the uh uh Alex OE. Uh we were no roll over from this vessel.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: and to next week with uh 48 OPT another OE vessel. Um based on current uh forecast from sales team uh we still can fulfill this vessel and uh we may create a role from OPT uh from Shanghai and Chao.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. So actually currently opt is also open space. So yeah I will inform you the I I will inform you and Kyle the additional space of PCM. Yeah. So yeah we need more cargo from Shanghai and Ginta. If you plan to load over about 300 views, yeah, I think it can be loaded on OPT. Yeah. I will inform you the additional VSA later.  
Elyn Zhang: So we will get additional safe how many around around uh how many pus or weight?  
   
 

### 01:32:08

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. because of uh I will let you know later.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay. Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Do we still have time for this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because this B I will close next Saturday or Friday. Uh Ela, is there still any pending bookings for week 48 across the ES?  
Elyn Zhang: Uh, Alex 3, we have a pending king over 1,600. Uh the last yes we uh before THKT we already had the web limitation.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): But even if we release those tint that there's no way right.  
Elyn Zhang: So we no no other reports because uh F3 VMS for two weeks the ear except  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): What about other is there any bookings? Yes. So, so other than uh waiting bookings, what about the other offices?  
Elyn Zhang: or little Mexico Then we move to next week week 49 uh MV  
   
 

### 01:33:24

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Yeah, please continue.  
Elyn Zhang: uh for this vessel. Uh if we clean our row from OPPT uh we uh we may not have uh robot from this vessel I think. So if uh we have row for opt uh for me mv we will have uh 115 row from Shanghai and maybe we can create some row from China as uh we will have uh chang uh from  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: this week because F3 come in early December. uh when we had chance to connect MV then to we could uh this is also O vessel uh  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: uh currently booking not So too much across uh I think maybe the December h so no much fresh bookings on this vessel. So that's all for Alex one question.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Yeah. No, no question.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay, then we move to Alex 3. Um the week 46 uh 3MT the vessel have a delay around eight days in China.  
   
 

### 01:35:30

   
Elyn Zhang: Um but this vessel we uh still full and uh uh we have 100 row from Shanghai. Uh last week we expect that we will have 200 from China. uh but due to the MRG decrease uh big shortfall from China. So finally we don't have any over on this vessel uh just because the rate decrease and week 47 the the vessel Shanghai and the new already closed. Uh also the vessel uh will delay in China. Uh but we have way issue start from this vessel. Um yesterday BK gave me the maximum weight uh is not enough and uh we still need uh 4,000 metric tons otherwise 4,000 four four  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): How many? How many? 1,000. 4,000 more. I see. Uh, really push N to see we got more wayport space. I think they will check and get back to us.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay. uh as much as possible because uh Alex one two four all need a uh cho to push that for x3 bookings uh we don't need uh we p if we pour  
   
 

### 01:37:08

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: tight uh we can do local shutdown but uh for one two four uh these three loops need uh function And for this vessel currently uh we well no ro from China as well uh because we put everything uh to push first to connect one to four week 48. eight.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Da.  
Elyn Zhang: Uh this uh this vessel is the uh last vessel before July. Uh currently we can draw bookings from China. Uh even we released 900 bookings, we still have pending booking over 1,300. But due to the way limitation uh we we may not release these bookings.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Do not release his booking, right? Okay. So, you need TKD. You need how much we bought? Can you let me know?  
Elyn Zhang: I think at least uh 20,000 metric tons at least uh for this week's Shanghai who already know space on  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay then prepare to have no way.  
   
 

### 01:38:57

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Don't use anything.  
Elyn Zhang: Alex Um the next uh and next week week 149 uh we will no we issue from uh China because uh we will have  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: extra web space from F3 and also uh we apply the spa uh web space from GS2. two.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: H. So for this vessel we may uh create 100 tur from China and uh we uh currently uh bookings are still okay for shop X3. uh um we have confidence to fulfill this vessel.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay, we will upload the BSA by today.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay. Then for  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): You mean AS3, right? Yeah, A3. Uh, so, so Elen, what what what what is the estimated utilization? Because based on your number now, I think you only load like 59%. I mean your your estimate um forecast uh week 50  
Elyn Zhang: which week?  
   
 

### 01:40:44

   
Elyn Zhang: 50. Um because the 15th vessel in December, we still not sure if our loading will impact by the December July. So uh I will pick what  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): then what about 48? What is the shout out ratio or you are expecting on 48? So right now 48 you still have ro right. So based on this you'll be the end November rates before the right now you are basing on how much you are ratio so  
Elyn Zhang: uh based on sales forecast uh they have confident to inform us that uh the shop Well, over 50%.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): based on 60% right now we only expecting around 600 of  
Elyn Zhang: H yes because North PC say they all had the uh way issues even we release more bookings but still impacted by the period before the end of November.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And you are saying that the rest of the pending booking is mostly to Kaya and Mexico and only All right.  
Elyn Zhang: But uh Kay and Mexico are small issues even though soft bookings we still don't have much report from North Kian they are budget limited by the weight maybe only 10 to 12 metric tons per use but they are caron nature or heavy and uh for uh changing uh if uh or small vessel their space is still uh okay but like  
   
 

### 01:42:46

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And for wayport space, you are expecting that it will resume or get better by week 49 because of the GS2 way space that you have obtained.  
Elyn Zhang: big Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): How much the way space GS2 have given you for the for the then which is the trade that you have obtained the additional reports please  
Elyn Zhang: U now no news. Uh that means no report from J2. No additional yet. We are still waiting. uh Jason uh applied a way post space with uh uh WA trade uh it's a middle east  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): WA3 Okay. Any further question? No. Uh, any further thing to highlight?  
Elyn Zhang: and download uh Alex 4 only uh PMXT uh current check don't have uh confidence to fulfill this vessel uh because uh from the booking not so strong and uh uh hai changed the vessel uh two days ago one days ago and or two days ago so maybe uh even I send the email to uh sales uh but uh maybe still some confused by sales or customers and uh I don't think we have uh cargo can shift from other loops because on week 47 uh we don't have ro B on current forecast we may do the 70% of our BS 70% maybe we can do  
   
 

### 01:44:59

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Sorry, how many percentage can you filled up? 70%. And your 70% is based on how much average darnage  
Elyn Zhang: uh later I can check uh but uh well not uh maybe within 80% of tenage weight for this vessel we have larger BSA than before and 50 for uh currently our booking is still good uh mostly are previous uh roll over from this uh to connect the hi IP.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): any Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: The booking still good.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Uh Ela, we will continue to push um cargo for Akahula, right? Uh please please if you have any pending bookings, you can just release for a including port, right?  
Elyn Zhang: for Alex not only a other book will already released every day no pending motion uh of course move to what will be released but some customer they don't want to  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. All right.  
Elyn Zhang: move to the trans service for Q they want the data place on Alex 3. Yes, the customer asset uh move to Alex for uh Mexico.  
   
 

### 01:46:52

   
Elyn Zhang: We we will release all the the booking train.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: Um this week actually our booking very coming booking very strong after last uh week. uh our rate uh is very aggressive. Uh also in this week uh I think our rate is still good in the market.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh what what what is our average show show up rate? I mean the pickup container pick up rate.  
Elyn Zhang: uh after the rate reduce uh Alex 2 we see the show up uh is two uh 62%.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Mhm.  
Elyn Zhang: Uh but for Alex one only around 50% to 50%.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. So in average it's about 50 to 60%.  
Elyn Zhang: Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. All right. Uh, please please share share this uh booking trend with me through Google chat.  
Elyn Zhang: Okay, they will move to market rate.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): All right. Thank you.  
Elyn Zhang: Uh as I just said our rate in November still uh aggressive uh and for December GI uh we only receive uh the official not official rates only we re we received from Evergreen I'm going their rate is uh 1,500 R for first week of December and Costco is 100 unit uh for first week of December and the  
   
 

### 01:49:14

   
Elyn Zhang: MD rate not published.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh what what about one high? Just now we heard from South PC one high also announced right uh for December.  
Elyn Zhang: For other parents, we also heard that CMA MSD they want to push around the 1,000 level but no official notice.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: and the market utilization uh cha uh cha now their market all uh ro around the 10 to 20%. Um and the Shanghai uh P they have a heavy rover in hand and uh Wai Hai MC they are full of little rover uh evergreen uh also full but no rover uh Costco and CMA marginal food they are still over uh received bookings uh CMA around 95% utilization and a coast call around 90% utilization just to check with Michelle only heard that evergreen one hyper they all with little rob but no information from other carriers.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): And what about the current rate level? Do you think that for until end of November is it still workable?  
Elyn Zhang: Ta should be okay because we have for the  
   
 

### 01:51:16

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): No, I mean the FAQ. What about the our current FAK level? Is it still workable?  
Elyn Zhang: for Ethereum.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then what is your proposal for the December 1st week rate?  
Elyn Zhang: We can follow with Costco. I think Costco's rate is more reasonable.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So you are proposing uh up to Costco level 26. And what do you think?  
Elyn Zhang: Uh yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): What is the market outlook for the first half of December? What is your expectation for the market outlook for first half of December? Do you think that uh the R will hold or is the customer taking any feedback?  
Elyn Zhang: Uh uh yeah, this is Daniel. Uh yeah.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Go ahead.  
Elyn Zhang: Yeah. Yeah. Firstly, I should thanks for uh the SE team's uh reaction and uh we can see our hoping for some improvement in the end of the November and uh uh I think two reason one is the our rate adjustment of course and another one is the December RR post pack and when we can also see our uh booking uh show up in improve from previously uh 40% to be 50% or even to test and regarding the December RR I uh I think there are three reasons that could also answer uh S's question before uh the first one is just as uh Simon mentioned uh currently uh the our uh rate is in the very low level  
   
 

### 01:53:10

   
Elyn Zhang: and every carrier have the big wish to increase our uh rate to uh to to be a vendable level and the second delay is the uh December is the uh season that we we need to negotiate with the long-term contract. Uh I think uh if we uh keep the rate in the very low level every long-term contract they are uh their request rate maybe were at around 1,300 or 1,4400 and that is too low uh that affirmatively we cannot accept. So uh there is a a big wish we we want to increase the rate. And the third reason is uh uh there is a a supply decrease in the market and uh uh birthday uh call uh we can see in week n uh week 49 uh the double A5 will have a black saving uh Shanghai in EGD Shanghai is on December 3rd and in week 50 W SA3 uh EGD Shanghai on December 14th we also have saving Okay. And uh in week four 52 A5 EG Shanghai on December 24th will also have a black ceiling.  
   
 

### 01:54:31

   
Elyn Zhang: That means Costco will have a three black ceilings in December. And uh and we can also observe that line uh will also have a bling on their Z service on November 30 and also Z C on December 2. So uh and also we uh we can see our F4 will also have a two uh BMS in December. So that means in December there will there will be uh some burden uh supply decrease which can also support the R. So from our side we uh we are uh optimistic that we manifested for uh to implement this R in December. Yeah. And uh regarding the cost cost rate, yes, they are uh the rate is at 2,600 and uh their managing director author authorized the right price is at 2,300 and also uh CMA they also announced that they are also they not officially announc oral rate uh announced their rate at 2,300 or so. So I think maybe uh we um increase the rate to around 2,300 is should be no problem at least.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh uh Daniel 2,300 that is that is tier one rate right?  
   
 

### 01:55:59

   
Elyn Zhang: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): All right. Okay. Yeah. Okay.  
Elyn Zhang: Yeah. That's all for my side.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. And uh uh please help us to update the blank ceiling uh that you mentioned just now uh on on on on this on this uh Google sheet.  
Elyn Zhang: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I I will I will I will Yeah, I will do it.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you, Daniel. Uh can I invite Michelle import please to comment? Is there any to share on the markets?  
Michelle Li: Uh yes, I think Daniel is uh provided more information and uh same situation in so for November uh we can see the market rate stick at 1,002 uh to the end of November without a further decrease and we heard some carriers they are full uh as our announcement in December with cotton 1,000 uh per box that's from the Evergreen and Coco.  
   
 

### 01:57:12

   
Michelle Li: So uh we can foresee the shop ratio will be higher for November sailing vessels. Uh and regarding the December we need to see the cargo volume if the cargo volume is uh could support the R uh implementation. uh we can foresee the utilization in the early December will be impacted by a uh I think uh maybe some pago will postpone and uh keep watching and see and we also heard the CMA Costco they have two vessels functioning together in the uh in the first week of nove December. So uh the good news is for the December blank sailings just mentioned by Daniel. I I can see the many blend sailings uh by ocean alliance the WSA 534 maybe uh maybe five to six vessels. So that will cause the market capacity shrink. So, so, so let's keep the market trend uh and looking for the potential R in December. Yeah, that's for Thank you.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Thank you Misha. Uh can Jason share for the sing markets?  
Jason Gong: Uh yes.  
   
 

### 01:58:45

   
Jason Gong: Uh for Chino market uh most carriers uh current utilization is full in end of November. Uh we heard uh only uh MSSE and HLO utilization is around 90 to 95% now. And uh regarding December GI uh we heard from customers that most carriers are trying to push for GI around 1,000 per box level and we will try to push uh as much as possible as well. And uh regarding uh pus report uh since there will be F3 and GS2 in big 49 uh so we expect uh there should be no issue for pan report and uh we will make uh local coordination and secure more report for LW trade. Okay. Thank you.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Okay. Uh Jason, I I I need you to have a very close monitor on the NR for December.  
Jason Gong: Mhm.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Please keep us updated.  
Jason Gong: Okay. We'll keep you update.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Thank you. Thank you Jason.  
   
 

### 01:59:58

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Thank you all. So uh to summarize for today our row pool is still full until week 47 with uh 700 t of row. The row is very limited. Any shortfall we will have a open space. So we need all sales to closely monitor the sh ratio and make sure that those booking they have is coming in. Then uh for the December rate we will uh discuss internally and see whether we will uh push for. Thank you everyone. Bye-bye. Bye. I think has removed. Oh, hello.  
Wan San Tan: Hey, can you hear me?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: Okay. All right. So yeah, it seems like uh it's pretty clear that uh with the Costco blank selling right they will send us a shu but uh based on the what we are hearing those blank selling is going to take place  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
   
 

### 02:01:26

   
Wan San Tan: in early December.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh, wait for the 49 50 52. Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah 50 definitely 49. Yeah, those are December already, but there's there's no they didn't comment about why blank selling.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): No, there's no information on there.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah, I guess Costco is trying to uplift the uh rates. They know that the tender is it's it's uh ongoing right now. So anyway, uh I I think it's clear. Then I I also hear that he claims that current rate is still workable. Is it but at the at the same time they mentioned one AX4 vessel Hindai uh  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yep. Until end November most of ECM and SPRC is saying that the rates is still workable. Just that for nove uh early December what is the rates that we are going to release out to the market.  
Wan San Tan: change of vessel the information was been disclosed too late resulted in a soft booking is  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, that is the HM vessel on the week 47. So right now uh we have informed Masa have informed the front office to update the booking change.  
   
 

### 02:02:39

   
Wan San Tan: Yeah, I think I think no.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So there is some confusion regarding the Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah, I think this thing we have to officially highlight to TM team. Simon, can you do that? Yeah, I I think better raise uh alert to them saying that the poor performance is a result of slow updates of vessel or changes things like this.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: All right.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Wan San Tan: Then uh it's not red issue, right? They didn't mention is red issue, right?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Rate should be workable.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah. Logically I think the mark whole market know that December carrier going to push for GRI. I suppose right now should be some cargo rushing out.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yep.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah. Okay. Then uh do we need to make any adjustment donate right this week?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh WCCA we will we will adjust as we discussed yesterday.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah.  
   
 

### 02:03:38

   
Wan San Tan: Yesterday. Okay. Okay. Good.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: Hopefully we see some result.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Yeah. We only adjust WCCA. Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah. All right, then. What about one quote?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Well, uh before we move to one code, uh I want we need to decide on 1 December uh R I mean the post R R FAK.  
Wan San Tan: All right.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Uh are we are we go for 24 or 26?  
Wan San Tan: I think it doesn't matter. This is more of uh a sounding rate right now. I I'm open to 24 or 26. But what we are hearing in the market right now competitions put out big range 26 go then we put out 26 or we can even put out higher because later on we're  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): 26. Yeah. 26. Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: going to adjust down or okay then six So  
   
 

### 02:04:24

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. But I think for uh we have a lot of vessel coming in December. I think it's better to align with Costco. Uh uh can can can we align with Costco at 26 right and tier one at 23?  
Wan San Tan: early.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): $300 gap same same as Costco uh uh same as Costco what I mean is same as Costco but whatever uh rate that we announce I mean we just align with Costco so that uh it will it will be  
Wan San Tan: You want to do that so early. If that's the case, now the $300 gap I think too big already.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): minimal impact yeah okay then we then we go for two five and 23 Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: If that's the case, I rather put 25 and 23. You know why I I say that right? Because this this car many carrier the FAK is paper ours is workable and we don't want to have too huge gap also.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah.  
   
 

### 02:05:17

   
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah. Okay.  
Wan San Tan: What what about the rest of team member? What do you think?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): You want to put the WCSA at 26 then the Mexico at 25 so that the one will come down to 23. Yeah. That means we because right now the Mexico and WCSA we don't have any gap. Yeah. But to push for more Mexico volume, we need to have the gap so that uh we will induce more Mexico. Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: Uh, okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): That means uh Mexico at 25, WCSA at 26 until 1 - 200 become 23 and 2. Yeah.  
Wan San Tan: Okay. Okay.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yes. Yes.  
Wan San Tan: All right.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay.  
Wan San Tan: All right. No objection.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Then I go to one code.  
Wan San Tan: Yes.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): So one code we are looking at wait for the 852 right now the performance average around 10 to 17% for TU wise uh space is still open uh right now our rates uh we are proposing at 24 level with special promo $300 per unit that means come bring down to 21 so that we can be more aggressive on the one Yeah.  
   
 

### 02:06:32

   
Wan San Tan: Do do you want to reduce the the proportions?  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Reduce that 200 or one go at 100 or 200 units.  
Wan San Tan: Yeah. Because now now it's time to push to sound gi 100. I was thinking  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Okay. Then that means we'll go down to two three level.  
Wan San Tan: yeah correct.  
Antwerp (SGSIN-Marina One, L17): Yeah, I stay all the way and see how the markets go. Then we adjust again. Okay, then anything. Bye-bye. No. Uh they they are intending to reaching there by 6. So by right we should leave by 5:30 5:20. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Today is birthday. Yeah. So everyone we need to stress again. Bring a sake. Bring a sake. So boss, you need to drink with her tonight. Ah.  
   
 

### Transcription ended after 02:23:00

  

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

**
